Add custom image operation example to docs (#9558)
wagtail/wagtail: docs/topics/images.md

{% image page.photo width-400 format-webp webpquality-50 %}
```

> ### Custom image filter
> 
> In `wagtail_hooks.py` register your custom image filter.
> 
> This example assumes Willow in combination with Pillow. If you use another image library, or like to support multiple image libraries, you need to update the code inside the run method. See the [Willow documentation](https://willow.readthedocs.io/en/latest/index.html) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Custom image filter

You can add additional image filters that aren't included in Wagtail core. To do so, add a `"register_image_operations"` hook to your `wagtail_hooks.py` file.

This assumes Willow in combination with Pillow. If you use another image library, or like to support multiple image libraries, you need to update the code inside the run method. See the [Willow documentation](https://willow.readthedocs.io/en/latest/index.html) for more information.
```

Author: I reworded a bit more, to give some additional background. Hope you like it.

```python
from PIL import ImageFilter

from wagtail import hooks
from wagtail.images.image_operations import FilterOperation

class BlurOperation(FilterOperation):
    def construct(self, radius):
        self.radius = int(radius)

    def run(self, willow, image, env):
        willow.image = willow.image.filter(ImageFilter.GaussianBlur(radius=self.radius))
        return willow

@hooks.register("register_image_operations")
def register_image_operations():
    return [
        ("blur", BlurOperation),
    ]
```

> In your template:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then you can use the filter in an `{% image %}` tag in a template, like so:
```
